Hi everybody. I'm Jimmy, and this is bright insight.
So today I wanna talk with you about the unfinished Oly located in the Awan
quarry in Egypt, more than 137 feet long.
And if finished would've weighed at least 1200 tons,
it would've been the world's largest OS by far.
Now you may be familiar with other Olus most not the Washington monument located
in Washington DC.
However, unlike the Washington monument,
this OSC is carved out of solid bedrock,
particularly rose granite with a high concentration of quarts,
which puts it at a seven outta 10 on the most scale of hardness, thus debunking,
what modern Egyptologists claim were the tools utilized in order of this stone,
for example, Doah right.
Stone hammers and bronze chisels are what modern Egyptologists claim were
utilized in order to carve this solid piece of bedrock into a nos. However,
a significant amount of modern stone masons have claimed that well,
that's just not possible.
And that it would essentially be like trying to cut and carve wood with another
piece of wood doesn't work like that.
So the question becomes if Doright stone hammers and bronze chisels were not
utilized to construct this project,
then what would have been done when you look at these photos here,
you can clearly see some sort of scoop marks with some sort of technology that
we're not familiar with. However,
it's very important to understand that this is solid bedrock, rose, granite,
and that was ever utilized,
had to have either been steel or some sort of sound resonating technology that
we're just not familiar with today. In fact,
I highly recommend that you check out Brian Forrester's YouTube channel or his
website hidden incurs.com where many of these photos do originate from however I
did source all these photos from Google images.
Now he demonstrated that if they were utilizing bronze chisels in stone
hammers,
they couldn't possibly have made these types of incisions on the underbelly of
this stone Oly. And in fact,
you can clearly see in these photos that the angle would not have allowed anyone
to make these type of cuts with those type of tools.
And despite the fact that those tools weren't strong enough to do it in the
first place I E the bronze chisels, clearly some other explanation is required.
Now, the argument of how they cut, this is one thing ensure yes,
it's possible that over time with enough people pounding stone hammers
could have done some of this, I suppose. I think it's incredibly unlikely,
but that's moved past the stone cutting part and discussed how they would've
moved it. Now,
one of the largest OLIS that was once in L Egypt is now at the Vatican.
However, to move it in the 1930s,
they had to take it apart into multiple pieces only to reconstruct it later.
Now what's interesting about this is that it's original piece weighed at least
455 tons,
which having been moved from the S one Qury to luxury Egypt is more than
252 kilometers or 156 miles.
So the question becomes,
how did they move something so massive case in point in 2012,
the Los Angeles museum of the arts moved a 340 ton
stone in order to be located at the museum. Now, this stone was moved, uh,
over a hundred miles and it took 11 nights, but to do so,
they had to custom order an Emer international truck that was
295 feet long, 196 wheels,
and more than 27 feet wide.
And they had use a million different alternate routes because no overpasses or
bridges could sustain the incredible amount of weight for this 340 ton stone.
Now this 1200 ton Oly,
although it wasn't completed and moved is three and a half times that weight.
So when you consider the fact that one of these Oly was moved from the OS one co
to Le Egypt, 156 miles away, how did they do that?
Look, guys, I don't have all the answers in how they did this,
but what I can tell you is what modern textbooks are still teaching in schools
today is clearly inaccurate in that there's far more to the story than what we
were taught in school. With all that being said,
I highly recommend you research what modern masons are saying,
how they demonstrated first hand,
that bronze chisels couldn't possibly have cut this type of stone and that
Doright stone hammers. I mean,
you have to pound it for hours and hours just to create a few crumbs.
It's pretty ridiculous. So with that being said,
check out some of the research out there that's being conducted by Brian
Forrester and many, many others. Anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy,
this is bright insight. Leave a comment, let me know what your thought and like,
and subscribe and help me spread the message. Take care of everybody.